

Prince Charming: Once upon a time in a kingdom far far away, the king and queen
were blessed with a beautiful baby girl. And throughout the land, everyone was
happy. Until the sun went down and they saw that their daughter was cursed with a
frightful enchantment that took hold each and every night. Desperate they sought
the help of a fairy godmother who had them lock the young princess away in a tower,
there to await the kiss of the handsome Prince Charming!



Prince Charming: It was he who would chance the perilous journey through blistering
cold and scorching desert traveling for many days and nights, risking life and limb
to reach the Dragon's Keep.





Prince Charming: For he was the bravest...



Prince Charming: ...and most handsome?



Prince Charming: ...in all the land. And it was destiny that his kiss...



Prince Charming: ...would break the dreaded curse.






Prince Charming: He alone would climb to the highest room of the tallest tower to
enter the princess's chambers, cross the room to her sleeping silhouette, pull back
the gossamer curtains to find her--



Big Bad Wolf: What?

Prince Charming: Princess Fiona?

Big Bad Wolf: No!

Prince Charming: Oh, thank heavens. Where is she?

Big Bad Wolf: She's on her honeymoon.

Prince Charming: Honeymoon? With whom?!

----




...their arrival back at Shrek's swamp]

Shrek: It's so good to be home!



Shrek: Just you and me and'






Donkey: ??Two can be as bad as one'??

Shrek: Donkey?



Donkey: Shrek! Fiona! Well aren't you two a sight for sore eyes! Give us a hug,
Shrek, you old love machine.  And look at you, Mrs. Shrek. How 'bout a
side of sugar for the steed?

Shrek: Donkey, what are you doing here?

Donkey: Oh! I was just taking care of your love nest for you.

Shrek: Oh, you mean like' sorting the mail and watering the plants?



Donkey: Yeah, and feeding the fish!

Shrek: I don't have any fish.

Donkey: You do now. I call that one Shrek and the other Fiona.



Donkey: That Shrek is a rascally devil. Get your'

Shrek: Oh, would you look at the time? Well I guess you'd better be going.



Donkey: Hey wait a minute, don't you want to tell me all about your trip? Or how
about a game of Parcheesi?



Fiona: Um, actually--Donkey? Shouldn't you be getting home to Dragon?

Donkey: Oh, yeah, that. I don't know. She's been all moody and stuff lately...so I
thought I'd move back in with you guys!

Fiona: Well you know we're always happy to see you, Donkey.



Shrek: But Fiona and I are married now. We need a little time, you know, to be
together.



Shrek: Just with each other.



Shrek: Alone.

Donkey: Say no more, say no more. You don't have to worry about a thing. I will
always be here to make sure nobody bothers you!

Shrek: Donkey!

Donkey: Yes, roomie?

Shrek: You're bothering me.

Donkey: Oh, okay. All right, cool. I guess uh' me and Pinocchio was gonna catch a
tournament, anyway, so uh.... maybe I'll see y'all Sunday for a barbecue or
something.



Shrek: He'll be fine. Now, where were we?



Shrek: Oh. I think I remember.



Shrek: Donkey!



Donkey: I know, I know! Alone! I'm going! I'm going! Hey, but what do you want me
to tell these other guys?






Page: Enough, Reggie.  "Dearest Princess Fiona. You are hereby
summoned to the Kingdom of Far, Far Away for a royal ball in celebration of your
marriage...



Page: ...at which time the King will bestow his royal blessing' upon you and
your'eh...



Page: uh'Prince Charming. Love, the King and Queen of Far Far Away. A.K.A. Mom and
Dad."

Fiona: Mom and Dad?

Shrek: Prince Charming?

Donkey: Royal ball?! Can I come?

Shrek: We're not going.

Fiona & Donkey: What?!

Shrek: I mean, don't you think they might be a bit' shocked to see you like this?

Fiona: Well, they might be a bit surprised. But they're my parents, Shrek. They
love me. And don't worry, they're gonna love you too.

Shrek: Yeah, right. Somehow I don't think I'll be welcome at the country club.

Fiona: Will you stop it? They're not like that.

Shrek: Then how do you explain Sergeant Pompous and the Fancy Pants Club Band?



Fiona: Oh, come on! You could at least give them a chance.

Shrek: To do what? Sharpen their pitchforks?

Fiona: No! They just want to give you their blessing.

Shrek: Oh, great. Now I need their blessing?

Fiona: Well, if you want to be a part of this family, yes!

Shrek: And who says I want to be part of this family?

Fiona: Uh, you did! When you married me?!

Shrek: Well, there's some fine print for you!

Fiona: Ugh! So that's it, you won't come?

Shrek: Trust me. It's a bad idea. We are not going! And that's final!



Donkey: Hey, come on, Shrek! We don't want to hit traffic!

Gingy: Don't worry! We'll take care of everything.



Blind Mouse: Hey, wait for me! Oof!



Donkey: Hit it! ??Move 'em on! Head 'em up! Head 'em up, move 'em on! Head 'em up!
Move 'em down! Rawhide! Move 'em on! Head 'em up! Head 'em up! Move 'em on! Move
'em on! Head 'em up! Rawhide! Ride 'em up! Move 'em on!??

COUNTRYSIDE

Donkey: ??Head 'em up! Head 'em up! Move 'em on! Rawhide! Knock 'em out! Pound 'em
dead! Make 'em tea! Buy 'em drinks! Meet their mamas! Milk 'em hard! Rawhide! Yee-
haw!??



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Shrek: No.

MOUNTAINS



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Fiona: Not yet.



Donkey: Okay, are we there yet?

Fiona: No.



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Shrek: No!



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Shrek: (sarcastically) Yes.

Donkey: Really?

Shrek: No!



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Fiona: No!

FOREST



Donkey: Are we there yet?!

Shrek: No, we are not!



Donkey: Are we there yet?!

Shrek & Fiona: No!



Donkey: Are we there yet?

Shrek: Are we there yet?

Donkey: Hey, that's not funny.

Shrek: Hey, that's not funny.

Donkey: Hey, that's really immature.

Shrek: Hey, that's really immature.

Donkey: See, this is why nobody likes ogres.

Shrek: See, this is why nobody likes ogres.

Donkey: Alright, your loss!

Shrek: Alright, your loss!

Donkey: I'm gonna just stop talking!

Shrek: Finally!

Donkey: But this is taking forever, Shrek. And there ain't no in-flight movie or
nothing!

Shrek: The Kingdom of Far Far Away, Donkey. That's where we're going. Far Far'
 Away!

Donkey: All right, all right, I get it. I'm just so darn bored!

Shrek: Well, find a way to entertain yourself!



Shrek: Oh! For 5 minutes. Could you not be yourself' for 5 minutes!



Shrek:  Are we there yet?!

Fiona:  Yes!

Donkey: Oh, finally!






Donkey: Wow! It's going to be champagne wishes and caviar dreams from now on!



Donkey: Hey, good-looking! We'll be back to pick you up later! Ooh, pantyhose!



Shrek: We are definitely not in the swamp anymore.



Guard: Halt!



Woman: Hey, everyone, look!



Donkey: Hey, ladies! Nice day for a parade, huh? Yeah! You working that hat!



Donkey: Swimming pools! Movie stars!




Announcer: Announcing the long-awaited return of the beautiful Princess Fiona and
her new husband!



Fiona: Well, this is it.

King Harold: This is it.

Announcer: This is it.



Man: This is it.



Donkey: Uh' why don't you guys go ahead? I'll park the car.



Shrek: So' (chuckles) ...you still think this was a good idea?

Fiona: Of course! Look! Mom and Dad look happy to see us.



King Harold: Who on earth are they?

Queen Lillian : I think that's our little girl.

King Harold: That's not little! That's a really big problem! Wasn't she supposed to
kiss Prince Charming and break the spell?

Queen Lillian: Well, he's no Prince Charming, but they do look--

Shrek: Happy now? We came. We saw them.



Shrek: Now let's go before they light the torches.

Fiona: They're my parents!

Shrek: Hello? They locked you in a tower!

Fiona: Hey! That was for my own--

King Harold: Good! Now here's our chance. Let's go back inside and pretend we're
not home!



Queen Lillian: Harold, we have to be--

Shrek: Quick! While they're not looking we could make a run for it.

Fiona: Shrek! Stop it! Everything's gonna be--

King Harold: A disaster! There is no way--

Fiona: You can do this.

Shrek: I really--

King Harold: Really--

Queen Lillian: Really--

Shrek: Don't--

Queen Lillian: Want--

Shrek: To'

Queen Lillian: Be--

Shrek/King Harold: Here.



Fiona: Mom, Dad. I'd like you to meet my husband'Shrek.



Shrek: Well, um' It's easy to see where Fiona gets her good looks from.






Fiona: Excuse me.



Shrek: Better out than in, I always say, eh, Fiona?

Shrek: That's good...



Shrek: I guess not...



Donkey: What do you mean, "not on the list"? Don't tell me you don't know who I am.



Donkey: Hey! What's happening, everybody? Thanks for waiting. You know I had the
hardest time finding this place.



King Harold: No! No! Bad donkey! Bad! Down!

Fiona: No, no, no, Dad! It's all right! It's all right. He's with us. He helped
rescue me from the dragon.

Donkey: Yup, that's me. The noble steed. Hey, waiter! How 'bout a bowl for the
steed?

Shrek: Oh, boy...



Fiona: Um, Shrek?

Shrek: Yeah?..Oh! Sorry! Great soup, Mrs. Q. Mmm!

Fiona: No, no. Darling.



Shrek: Oh!



Queen Lillian: So, Fiona, tell us about where you live.

Fiona: Well'Shrek owns his own land. Don't you, honey?

Shrek: Oh, yes! It's in an enchanted forest abundant in squirrels and...cute little
duckies and--

Donkey: What?! (laughing) I know you ain't talking about the swamp!

Shrek: (gritting his teeth) Donkey!

King Harold: (sarcastically) An ogre from a swamp. Oh! How original.



Queen Lillian: Well, I suppose that would be a fine place to raise the children...



Shrek: (chuckling) It's a bit early to be thinking about that, isn't it?

King Harold: Indeed. I just started eating.

Queen Lillian: Harold!

Shrek: (offended) What's that supposed to mean?

Fiona: Dad. It's great, okay?

King Harold: Well, for his type, yes.

Shrek: My type?!

Donkey: Uhhh--I gotta go to the bathroom.



Chef: Dinner is served!

Donkey: Never mind. I can hold it.



Chef: Bon appetit!

Donkey: Ooh, Mexican food! My favorite!

Queen Lillian: Well, let's not just sit here with our tummies rumbling. Everybody
dig in!

Donkey: Don't mind if I do, Lillian.

King Harold: So, I suppose any grandchildren I could expect from you would be--

Shrek: Ogres, yes!



Queen Lillian: Not that there's anything wrong with that. Right, Harold?

King Harold: Oh, no! No! Of course, not! That is, assuming you don't eat your own
young!



Fiona: Dad!

Shrek: Oh, no, we usually prefer the ones who've been locked away in a tower!



Fiona: Shrek, please!

King Harold: I only did that because I love her!



Shrek: Oh, aye! Daycare or dragon-guarded castle?!



King Harold: You wouldn't understand! You're not her father!



Queen Lillian: It's so nice to have the family together for dinner.



Queen Lillian: Harold!

Fiona: Shrek!

Shrek: Fiona!

King Harold: Fiona!

Fiona: Mom!

Queen Lillian: Harold'

Donkey: Donkey!






Fairy Godmother: ??Your fallen tears have called to me / So, here comes my sweet
remedy / I know what every princess needs / For her to live life happily'??



Fairy Godmother: Oh! Oh, my dear. Oooh, look at you, you're all um...grown up.


Fiona: Um, who are you?

Fairy Godmother: Oh, sweet pea! I'm your Fairy Godmother.

Fiona: I have a fairy godmother?

Fairy Godmother: Shu-shu-shu--shush, shush. Now, don't worry. I'm here to make it
all better. With...just...a'



Fairy Godmother: ??...wave of my magic wand! / Your troubles will soon be gone! /
With a flick of the wrist and just a flash / You'll land a prince with a ton of
cash??



Fairy Godmother: ??A high-priced dress made by mice no less / Some crystal glass
pumps / And no more stress??



Fairy Godmother: ??Your worries will vanish, your soul will cleanse / Confide in
your very own furniture friends??



Fairy Godmother: ??We'll help you set a new fashion trend!??



Fairy Godmother: ??I'll make you fancy, I'll make you great??

Furniture: ??The kind of girl a prince would date!??

Fairy Godmother: ??They'll write your name on the bathroom wall'??

Mirror: For a happy ever after, give Fiona a call!

Fairy Godmother: ??A sporty carriage to ride in style / Sexy man boy chauffeur,
Kyle??



Fairy Godmother: ??Banish your blemishes, tooth decay / Cellulite thighs will fade
away! / And oh, what the hey! / Have a bichon fris'!??



Fairy Godmother: ??Nip and tuck, here and there / To land that prince with the
perfect hair / Lipstick liners, shadows blush / To get that prince with the sexy
tush / Lucky day, hunk buffet / You and your prince take a roll in the hay / You
can spoon on the moon / With the prince to the tune??



Fiona: Stop, please!

Fairy Godmother: ??Don't be drab, you'll be fab / Your prince will have rock-hard
abs / Cheese souffl', Valentine's Day / Have some chicken fricassee! / Nip and
tuck, here and there / To land that prince with the perfect hair--??

Fiona: Stop!



Fiona: (chuckles) Look...thank you very much, Fairy Godmother, but I really don't
need all this.





Shrek: Fiona? Fiona?



Donkey: Oh! You got a puppy? All I got in my room was shampoo.

Fiona: Oh...uh'Fairy Godmother, furniture'I'd like you to meet my husband, Shrek.

Fairy Godmother: (in disbelief) Your husband? What--what did you say? When did this
happen?

Fiona: Shrek is the one who rescued me.

Fairy Godmother: But that can't be right!

Shrek: Oh, great, more relatives!

Fiona: She's just trying to help.

Shrek: Good! She can help us pack. Get your coat, dear. We're leaving.



Fiona: What?

Donkey: Leaving? I don't want to leave.

Fiona: When did you decide this?

Shrek: Shortly after arriving.

Fiona: Look, I I'm sorry'

Fairy Godmother: No, no, no, no, that's all right. I need to go, anyway. But
remember, dear, if you should ever need me'happiness'is just a teardrop away.



Shrek: Thanks, but we've got all the happiness we need. Happy, happy, happy!

Fairy Godmother: So I see...let's go, Kyle.



Fiona: Very nice, Shrek.

Shrek: What? I told you coming here was a bad idea.

Fiona: You could've at least tried to get along with my father!

Shrek: You know, somehow I don't think I was going to get Daddy's blessing even if
I did want it!



Fiona: Well, do you think it might be nice if somebody asked me what I wanted?

Shrek: Sure. Do you want me to pack for you?

Fiona: You're unbelievable! You're behaving like a'

Shrek: Go on! Say it!

Fiona: Like an ogre!

Shrek: Well, here's a news flash for you! Whether your parents like it or not' I am
an ogre!



Shrek: And guess what, princess? That's not about to change.

Fiona: I've made changes for you, Shrek. Think about that.



Donkey: That's real smooth, Shrek. "I'm an ogre!" 






King Harold: I knew this would happen.



Queen Lillian: You should. You started it.



King Harold: I can hardly believe that, Lillian. I mean really, he's the ogre. Not
me.

Queen Lillian: I think, Harold, you're taking this a little too personally. This is
Fiona's choice.

King Harold: Yes, but she was supposed to choose the prince we picked out for her!
I mean, you expect me to give my blessings to this'this...thing?

Queen Lillian: Fiona does. And she'll never forgive you if you don't. I don't want
to lose our daughter again, Harold.



Queen Lillian: Ugh, you act as if love is totally predictable. Don't you remember
when we were young? And oh, we used to walk down by the lily pond and they were in
bloom'

King Harold: (starting to reminisce) Our first kiss... (snapping out of it) it's
not the same! I don't think you realize that our daughter has married a monster!

Queen Lillian: Oh, stop being such a drama king.

King Harold: Fine! Fine! Pretend there's nothing wrong! (dances around) La, di, da,
di, da, di da! Isn't it all wonderful! I'd like to know how it could get any worse!



Fairy Godmother: Hello, Harold.



Queen Lillian: What happened?

King Harold: Uh, nothing! Nothing, dear! Just the old crusade wound playing up a
bit!  I'll... just stretch it out here for a while!



Fairy Godmother: You better get in. We need to talk.

King Harold: Actually, Fairy Godmother, off to bed.  Already taken my pills,
and they tend to make me a bit drowsy. So, um how about'



King Harold: ...uh, we, we make this a quick visit. What? What?




King Harold: Oh, hello. Ha-ha-ha!



King Harold: So, what's new?



Fairy Godmother: You remember my son, Prince Charming?

King Harold: Charming! Oh! Is that you? My gosh! It's been years! How--when...when,
when, when did you get back?

Prince Charming: (calmly) Oh, about 5 minutes ago, actually... (angrily) after I
endured blistering winds! Scorching desert! I climbed to the highest room of the
tallest tower'-



Fairy Godmother: Mummy can handle this.. (continuing her son's rant) He endures
blistering winds and scorching desert! He climbs to the highest bloody room of the
tallest bloody tower!

King Harold: But, but, but...

Fairy Godmother: And what does he find? Some gender-confused wolf telling him that
his princess--

King Harold: If I could just--

Fairy Godmother: --is already married!

King Harold: I mean, It wasn't my fault. He didn't get there in time.

Fairy Godmother: Stop the car!



Fairy Godmother: Harold...



Fairy Godmother: You force me to do something I really don't want to do.



King Harold: (gasps) Where are we?



PRICILLA: Well, hi, there! Welcome to Friar's Fat Boy, may I take your order?

Fairy Godmother: My diet is ruined! I hope you're happy. (turns to the clerk) Er'
okay. Two Renaissance Wraps, no mayo' chili ring...

Prince Charming: I'll have the Medieval Meal.

Fairy Godmother: Yeah, one Medieval Meal and Harold' curly fries?

King Harold: No, thank you.

Fairy Godmother: Sourdough soft taco, then?

King Harold: No, really, I'm fine.

PRICILLA: Your order, Fairy Godmother.



PRICILLA: And this comes with the Medieval Meal.

Fairy Godmother: There you are, dear.



Fairy Godmother: You see we made a deal, Harold, and I assume you don't want me to
go back on my part.

King Harold: (sighs) Indeed not.

Fairy Godmother: So Fiona and Charming will be together.

King Harold: Yes.

Fairy Godmother: Oh, believe me, Harold. It's what's best. Not only for your
daughter'



Fairy Godmother:...but for your Kingdom.




King Harold: What am I supposed to do about it?



Fairy Godmother: Use your imagination.






CYCLOPS: Oh'uh come on in, Your Majesty.






King Harold: (clears his throat) Um, excuse me?



Miss Frog: Hey. Do I know you?

King Harold: Uh, no, you must be mistaking me for someone else. Uh' excuse me. I'm
looking for the Ugly Stepsister.



King Harold: Ah! There you are. Right. You see, I...I need to have someone taken
care of.

Doris: (in a deep voice) Who's the guy?

King Harold: Well, he's not a guy, per se. Um' he's an ogre.



Doris: Hey, buddy, let me clue you in. There's only one fella who can handle a job
like that, and, frankly'he don't like to be disturbed.

King Harold: Where could I find him?



King Harold: H-Hello?



Puss in Boots: Who dares enter my room?

King Harold: Sorry! I hope I'm not interrupting, but I'm told you're the one to
talk to about an...ogre problem?

Puss in Boots: You are told correct, but for this I charge a great deal of money.

King Harold: Would' this be enough?



Puss in Boots: Hmm. You have engaged my valuable services...Your Majesty. Just tell
me where I can find this ogre.




Princess Toy: Dear knight, I pray that you take this favor as a token of my
gratitude.



Fiona: Dear Diary. Sleeping Beauty is having a slumber party tomorrow, but Dad says
I can't go. He never lets me out after sunset.



Fiona: Dad says I'm going away for a while. Must be like some finishing school or
something.



Fiona: Mom says that when I'm old enough, my Handsome Prince Charming will rescue
me from my tower and bring me back to my family!



Fiona: And we'll all live happily ever after!



Fiona: Mrs. Fiona Charming.



King Harold: Sorry. I hope I'm not interrupting anything.

Shrek: No, no. I was just reading a, uh'a scary book.

King Harold: I was hoping you'd let me apologize for my despicable behavior
earlier.

Shrek: Okay?

King Harold: I don't know what came over me. Do you suppose we could pretend it
never happened and start over?

Shrek: Look, Your Majesty, I just'

King Harold: Please, call me Dad.

Shrek: Dad. We both acted like ogres. Maybe we just need some time to get to know
each other.

King Harold: Excellent idea! I was actually hoping you might join me for a morning
hunt. A little...father-son time? I know it would mean the world to Fiona.



King Harold: Shall we say 7:30 by the old oak?

FOREST. DAY.



Shrek: Face it, Donkey! We're lost.

Donkey: We can't be lost! We followed the king's instructions exactly. What did he
say? "Head to the darkest part of the woods'"

Shrek: Aye.

Donkey: "Past the sinister trees with those scary-looking branches."

Shrek: Check.



Donkey: Yeah, and there's the bush shaped like Shirley Bassey!

Shrek: We passed that bush 3 times already!

Donkey: Hey, you were the one who said you didn't want to stop and get directions.

Shrek: Oh, great. My one chance to fix things up with Fiona's dad, and I end up
lost in the woods with you!

Donkey: Alright, you don't have to get huffy with me, I'm only trying to help.

Shrek: I know! I know. (sighs) I'm sorry, all right?

Donkey: Hey, don't worry about it.

Shrek: I just really need to make things work with this guy.

Donkey: Yeah, sure. Now let's go bond with Daddy.



Shrek: Well, well, well, Donkey. I know it was kind of a tender moment back there,
but the purring?

Donkey: Man, what are you talking about? I ain't purring.

Shrek: Oh, sure. What's next? A hug?

Donkey: Hey, Shrek. Donkeys don't purr. What do you think I am, some kind of a'



Puss in Boots: Ha-ha! Fear me, if you dare! (hisses)

Shrek: Hey, look! A little cat.

Donkey: Look out, Shrek! He got a piece!

Shrek: It's a cat, Donkey. Come here, little kitty, kitty. Come on, little kitty.
Come here. Oh! Come here, little kitty.



Donkey: Hold on, Shrek! I'm coming!



Shrek: Come on! Oh, get it off! Oh, get it off! Oh, God. Oh' No! Ooh! Aagh!



Donkey: Look out, Shrek! Hold still!

Shrek: Get it off!

Donkey: Shrek! Hold still!



Donkey: Did I miss?

Shrek: No. You got them.



Puss in Boots: Now, ye ogre, pray for mercy from' Puss'in Boots!



Shrek: (infuriated) Ohh, I'll kill that cat!

Puss in Boots: Ah-ha-ha!



Puss in Boots: (chuckles) Hairball.

Donkey: Oh! That is nasty!



Shrek: What do you reckon we should do with him?

Donkey: I say we take the sword and neuter him right here. Give him the Bob Barker
treatment!

Puss in Boots: (frightened) Oh, no! Por favor! Please! I implore you! It was
nothing personal, Senor! I was doing it only for my family. My mother, she is sick.
And my father lives off the garbage! The king offered me much in gold and I have a
litter of brothers'



Shrek: Whoa...whoa...whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Fiona's father paid you to do this?

Puss in Boots: The rich King? S'.



Shrek: Well, so much for Dad's royal blessing.

Donkey: Oh, come on, Shrek, don't feel bad. Almost everybody that meets you wants
to kill you.



Shrek: Gee, thanks. (sighs) Maybe Fiona would've been better off if I were some
sort of Prince Charming.

Puss in Boots: S', that's what the King said.



Puss in Boots: Oh, uh' sorry. I thought that question was directed at me.

Donkey: Shrek, Fiona knows you'd do anything for her.

Shrek: Well, it's not like I wouldn't change if I could. I just' I just wish I
could make her happy. Hold the phone'



Shrek: "Happiness. A tear drop away." Donkey! Think of the saddest thing that's
ever happened to you.

Donkey: Aw, man, where do I begin? Well, first there was the time that old farmer
tried to sell me for some magic beans. I ain't never got over that. Then this fool
went off and had a party and he have the guests trying to pin the tail on me. Then
they got all drunk and start beating me with a stick going, "Pinata! Pinata!" What
is a pinata, anyway?!

Shrek: No, Donkey! I need you to cry!

Donkey: Yeah, well don't go projecting on me! I know you're feeling bad, but you
gotta let your own--



Donkey: You little, hairy, litter-licking sack of...



Fairy Godmother: What? Is it on? Is it on?  This is Fairy Godmother.
I'm either away from my desk or with a client. But if you come by the office, we'll
be glad to make you a personal appointment. Have a happy ever after.



Donkey: Oh'

Shrek: Are you up for a little quest, Donkey?

Donkey: That's more like it! Shrek and Donkey, on another whirlwind adventure! ??
Ain't no stopping us now! Whoo! We're on the move!??



Puss in Boots: Stop, Ogre! I have misjudged you.

Shrek: Join the club. We've got jackets.

Puss in Boots: On my honor, I am obliged to accompany you until I have saved your
life as you have spared me mine.

Donkey: I'm sorry, the position of annoying talking animals has already been taken.
Let's go, Shrek! Shrek?



Donkey: Shrek!

Shrek: Aw, come on, Donkey. Look at him' in his wee little boots. You know, how
many cats can wear boots? Honestly. Aw, let's keep him!

Donkey: Say what?!







Shrek: Aw, listen. He's purring!

Donkey: Oh, so now it's cute!

Shrek: Aw, come on, Donkey. Lighten up.

Donkey: Lighten up? Oh, I should lighten up?! Look who's telling who to lighten up!




Fiona:  Shrek!



Fiona: Shrek?






Queen Lillian: They're both festive, aren't they? What do you think, Harold?

King Harold: Um' yes, yes. Fine. Fine.



Queen Lillian: Try to at least pretend you're interested in your daughter's wedding
ball.

King Harold: Honestly, Lillian, I don't think it matters. How do we know there will
even be a ball?



Fiona: Mom! Dad!

Queen Lillian: Oh, hello, dear.

King Harold: What's that, Cedric? Right! Coming!



Fiona: Mom, have you seen Shrek?

Queen Lillian: I haven't. You should ask your father. Be sure and use small words,
dear. He's a little slow this morning.



Cedric: Can I help you, Your Majesty?

King Harold: Ah, yes! Um'



King Harold: Mmm! Exquisite. What do you call this dish?

Cedric: That would be the dog's breakfast, Your Majesty.

King Harold: Ah, yes. Very good, then. Carry on, Cedric.



Fiona: Dad? Dad, have you seen Shrek?

King Harold: Uh, no I haven't, dear.



King Harold: I'm sure he just went off to look for a nice' mud hole to cool down
in. You know, after your little spat last night.

Fiona: Oh. You heard that, huh?



King Harold: Darling, the whole kingdom heard you. I mean, after all, it is in his
nature to be'well, a bit of a brute.

Fiona: Him? You know, you didn't exactly roll out the Welcome Wagon!

King Harold: Well, what did you expect?! Look at what he's done to you.

Fiona: Shrek loves me for who I am. I would think you'd be happy for me.

King Harold: Darling, I'm just thinking about what's best for you. Maybe you should
do the same.



FOREST



Shrek: No, really?



Donkey: Oh'




Donkey: Oh, no. That's the ol' Keebler's place! Let's just back away slowly.

Puss in Boots: That's the Fairy Godmother's cottage. She's the largest producer of
hexes and potions in the whole kingdom.

Shrek: Then why don't we pop in there for a spell? Ha-ha! Spell!



Puss in Boots: He makes me laugh!




Shrek: Hi. I'm here to see the--

Jerome: The Fairy Godmother. I'm sorry. She is not in.



Fairy Godmother: Jerome, coffee and a Monte Cristo. Now!

Jerome:  Yes, Fairy Godmother. Right away. Look, she's not seeing any
clients today, okay?

Shrek: That's okay, buddy. We're from the union.

Jerome: The union?

Shrek: We represent the workers in all magical industries, both evil and benign.

Jerome: Oh! Oh, right.

Shrek: Are you feeling at all degraded or oppressed?



Jerome: Uh' a little. W--w--we don't even have dental.

Shrek: They don't even have dental. Okay, we're just gonna have a look around. Oh.
By the way. I think it'd be better if the Fairy Godmother didn't know we were here.
Know what I'm saying? Huh?

Donkey: Hmm?

Shrek: Huh?

Donkey: Huh? Huh? Huh?!

Shrek: Stop it.

Jerome: (whispers) Of course. Go right in.






Fairy Godmother: A drop of desire!  Naughty!



Fairy Godmother: A pinch of passion.  And just a hint of'lust! 

Shrek: Excuse me.



Shrek: Sorry to barge in like this but uh--

Fairy Godmother: What in Grimm's name are you doing here?

Shrek: Well...it seems that Fiona's not exactly happy.

Fairy Godmother: Oh-ho-ho! And there's some question as to why that is? Well, let's
explore that, shall we?



Fairy Godmother: Ah. P, P, P, P, P'Princess.



Fairy Godmother: Cinderella! Here we are. "Lived happily ever after." Oh'
No ogres!



Fairy Godmother: Let's see. Snow White. A handsome prince. Oh...no ogres.



Fairy Godmother: Sleeping Beauty. Oh, no ogres! Hansel and Gretel? No! Thumbelina?
No. The Golden Bird, the Little Mermaid, Pretty Woman'No, no, no, no, no!



Fairy Godmother: You see, ogres don't live happily ever after.



Shrek: All right, look, lady!

Fairy Godmother: Don't you point' those dirty green sausages at me!



Worker: Your Monte Cristo and coffee--oh! Sorry.

Shrek: Ah' that's okay. We were just leaving. Very sorry to have wasted your time,
Miss Godmother.

Fairy Godmother: Just' go. Come on, guys.



Shrek: TGIF, eh, buddy? Working hard or hardly working, eh, Mac?



Puss in Boots: Oh! Eh!

Donkey: Hey, man, you wanna get your fine Corinthian footwear and your cat cheeks
out of my face? Man, that stinks!

Puss in Boots: Well, you don't exactly smell like a basket of roses.



Shrek: Well, one of these has got to help.

Puss in Boots: Ah, I was just concocting this very plan. Already our minds are
becoming one.

Donkey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, now. Listen, if we need an expert on licking ourselves,
we'll give you a call. Shrek, this is a bad idea.

Shrek: Look. Make yourself useful and go keep watch. Puss, do you think you could
get to those on top?

Puss in Boots: No problema, boss. In one of my 9 lives I was the great cat burglar
of Santiago de Compostela! (laughs)

Donkey: Shrek, are you off your nut?

Shrek: Donkey, keep watch.

Donkey: Keep watch? Yeah, Imma keep watch. I'll watch that wicked witch come and
whammy zammy a world of hurt all up your backside. I'm gonna laugh, too. I'll be
giggling to myself.



Shrek: What do you see?

Puss in Boots: "Toad Stool Softener"?

Donkey: Oh yeah, right, I'm sure a nice BM is the perfect solution for marital
problems!



Puss in Boots: "Elfa Seltzer"?

Shrek: Uh-uh.

Puss in Boots: "Hex Lax"?

Shrek: No! Try "handsome."

Puss in Boots: Sorry. No handsome.



Puss in Boots: Hey! How about "Happily Ever After"?

Shrek: Well, what does it do?

Puss in Boots: It says "Beauty Divine."

Donkey: You know in some cultures, donkeys are revered as the wisest of all
creatures. Especially us talking ones.



Shrek:  Donkey!



Shrek: That'll have to do. We've got company!



Donkey: Can we get on with this?



Shrek: Hurry!



Shrek: Nice catch, Donkey!



Puss in Boots: Finally! A good use for your mouth.



Shrek: Come on!



Fairy Godmother: I don't care whose fault it is. Just get this place cleaned up!

Doves: Yes, Godmother.

Fairy Godmother: And somebody bring me something deep fried and smothered in
chocolate!



Prince Charming: Mother!

Fairy Godmother: Charming. Sweetheart. Well, this isn't a good time, pumpkin.
Mama's working.

Prince Charming: Whoa, what happened here?

Fairy Godmother: The ogre, that's what!

Prince Charming: What?! Where is he, Mom?



Prince Charming: I shall rend his head from his shoulders! I will smite him where
he stands! He will rue the very day he stole my kingdom from me!



Prince Charming: Oh, put it away, Junior! You're still going to be king. We'll just
have to come up with something smarter.



Jerome: Pardon. Um'e-everything is accounted for, Fairy Godmother. Except for one
potion.



Fairy Godmother: What? Oh' I do believe we can make this work to our advantage.

FOREST - DAY



Shrek: "Happily Ever After Potion. Maximum strength. For you and your true love. If
one of you drinks this, you both will be fine. Happiness, comfort and beauty
divine."

Donkey: "You both will be fine"?

Shrek: I guess it means it'll affect Fiona, too.



Donkey: Hey, man, this don't feel right. My donkey senses are tingling all over. So
why don't you just drop that jug o' voodoo and let's get out of here.

Shrek: It says, "Beauty Divine." How bad can it be?



Donkey: Aha! See, you're allergic to that stuff. You're gonna have a reaction. And
if you think that I'll be smearing VapoRub all over your chest, think again!

Puss in Boots: Boss, just in case there is something wrong with the potion' allow
me to take the first sip. It would be an honor to lay my life on the line for you.

Donkey: Oh, no, no. I don't think so. If there's gonna be any animal testing, I'm
gonna do it. That's the best friend's job. Now give me that bottle.



Shrek: How do you feel?

Donkey: Well, I don't feel any different. I look any different?

Puss in Boots: You still look like an ass to me.

Shrek: Maybe it doesn't work on donkeys. Well, here's to us, Fiona.

Donkey: Shrek? You drink that, there's no going back.

Shrek: I know.

Donkey: But, no more wallowing in the mud?

Shrek: I know.

Donkey: No more itchy butt crack?

Shrek: I know!

Donkey: But you love being an ogre!

Shrek: I know! (sighs) But I love Fiona more.

Donkey: Shrek, no! Wait!



Donkey: Ooh, got to be' I think you grabbed the "Farty Ever After" potion.

Puss in Boots: Maybe it's a dud.

Shrek: Or maybe Fiona and I were never meant to be.



Donkey: Uh-oh. What did I tell you? I think I feel something coming on. I don't
want to die. I don't want to die. I don't want to die!



Donkey: Oh, sweet sister, mother of mercy. I'm melting! I'm melting!

Shrek: It's just the rain, Donkey.

Donkey:  Oh.






Donkey: Shrek, don't worry. Things seem bad because it's dark and rainy and Fiona's
father hired a sleazy hitman to whack you.



Donkey: lt'll be better in the morning. You'll see. ??The sun'll come out'tomorrow.
 Bet your bottom'??

Shrek: Bet my bottom?

Donkey: I'm coming, Elizabeth!



Shrek: Donkey? Are you all right?

Puss in Boots: Hey, boss. Let's shave him.

Shrek: D-Donkey?..






King Harold: There you are! We missed you at dinner.

Queen Lillian: What is it, darling?

Fiona: Dad'I've been thinking about what you said. And I'm going to set things
right.

King Harold: Ah! Excellent! That's my girl.

Fiona: It was a mistake to bring Shrek here. I'm going to go out and find him. And
then we're gonna go back to the swamp where we belong.



Queen Lillian: Fiona, please!

King Harold: Let's not be rash, darling. You can't go anywhere right now.



King Harold: Fiona!

Queen Lillian: Fiona!


















Maiden #2: Look look look, I told you he was here. Look at him! Look at him!

Maiden #1: Shh! Quiet!

Maiden #2: Look at him!



Jill: Good morning, sleepyhead.



Jill & Maidens: Good morning!

Maiden #2: We love your kitty!

Shrek: Oww'my head'

Jill: Here, I fetched a pail of water.

Shrek: Thanks.



Shrek: Oh!.. A cute, button nose? Thick, wavy locks? Taut, round buttocks?! I'm'
I'm'



Jill: Gorgeous!

Maiden #1: I'll say.

Jill: I'm Jill. What's your name?

Shrek: Um' Shrek.

Jill: "Shrek"? Wow...are you from Europe?

Maiden #1: You're so tense!

Jill: I want to rub his shoulders.

Maiden #1: I got it covered, thanks.



Maiden #2: I don't have anything to rub!

Jill: Well, get in line.

Shrek: Have you ladies seen my donkey?

Donkey: Who are you calling donkey?!



Shrek: Donkey? You're a--

Donkey: A stallion, baby! I can whinny!  I can count!



Donkey: Look at me, Shrek! I'm...trotting! That's some quality potion! What's in
that stuff?

Puss in Boots: "Oh, don't take the potion, Mr. Boss, it's very bad." Pah!



Puss in Boots: "Warning: Side effects may include burning, itching, oozing,
weeping. Not intended for heart patients or those with' nervous disorders."

Donkey: I'm trotting, I'm trotting in place! Yeah!



Donkey: What?

Puss in Boots: Senor!



Puss in Boots: "To make the effects of this potion permanent, the drinker must
obtain his true love's kiss by midnight."



Shrek: Midnight?! Why is it always midnight?

Maiden #1: Oh! Pick me! I'll be your true love!

Jill: I'll be your true love.

Maiden #2: I'll be true... enough.



Shrek: Look, ladies, I already have a true love.



Puss in Boots: And take it from me, boss. You are going to have one satisfied
princess.

Donkey: And let's face it. You are a lot easier on the eyes. But inside you're the
still same old, mean, salty'

Shrek: Easy--

Donkey: 'cantankerous, stinky...

Shrek: Alright then--

Donkey: 'foul, angry ogre you always been.

Shrek: And you're still the same annoying donkey.

Donkey: Yeah.

Shrek: Well, look out, princess. Here comes the new me!



Donkey: First things first, we need to get you out of those clothes.



FOREST. MORNING.



Shrek: Ready?

Donkey: Ready!



Nobleman: Driver, stop!



Donkey: Oh, God! Help me, please! My racing days are over! I'm blind! I'm blind!
Tell the truth, will I ever play the violin again?

Nobleman: Oh, you poor creature! Is there anything I can do for you?

Donkey: Well, I guess there is one thing...



Puss in Boots: Take off the powdered wig and step away from your drawers!



Nobleman's son: Father? Is everything all right, Father?



Shrek: Thank you, gentlemen! Someday, I will repay you! Unless, of course, I can't
find you or if I forget.



KINGDOM OF FAR FAR AWAY. DAY.






Guard: Halt!

Shrek: Tell Princess Fiona her husband, Sir Shrek, is here to see her.




Shrek: Fiona!

Fiona: Shrek?







Shrek: Fiona?



Fairy Godmother: Hello, handsome.




Fiona: Shrek!

Donkey: Princess!

Fiona: Donkey?

Donkey: Wow! That potion worked on you too, huh?

Fiona: What potion?

Donkey: Oh, it's kind of a long story but, see, Shrek and I took some magic potion.
And well, now...we're sexy!



Fiona: Shrek?

Puss in Boots: For you, baby' I could be.

Donkey: Yeah, you wish.

Fiona: Donkey, where is Shrek?

Donkey: He just went inside looking for you.




Fiona: Shrek!


Shrek: Fiona! Fiona!



Furniture: You want to dance, pretty boy?



Fairy Godmother: Are you going so soon? Don't you want to see your wife?






Prince Charming: Fiona?



Fiona: Shrek?

Prince Charming: Aye, Fiona. It is me.

Fiona: What happened to your voice?

Prince Charming: Uhh...the potion changed a lot of things, Fiona. But not the way I
feel about you.



Queen Lillian: Fiona?

King Harold: Charming?!

Prince Charming: Ah--do you think so?  Dad. I was so hoping you would
approve.

Queen Lillian: Um' Who are you?

Prince Charming: Mom, it's me, Shrek. I know you never get a second chance at a
first impression, but, well, what do you think?



Shrek: Fiona! Fiona!


Shrek: Fiona! Fiona!

Fairy Godmother: Fiona, Fiona! Ho-ho-ho-oh, shoot! I don't think they can hear us,
pigeon.



Fairy Godmother: Don't you think you've already messed her life up enough?

Shrek: I just wanted her to be happy.

Fairy Godmother: And now she can be. Oh, sweetheart. She's finally found the prince
of her dreams.

Shrek: But look at me. Look what I've done for her.

Fairy Godmother: It's time you stop living in a fairy tale, Shrek. She's a
princess, and you're an ogre. That's something no amount of potion will ever
change.



Shrek: But'I love her.

Fairy Godmother: If you really love her'you'll let her go.




Donkey: Shrek?

Puss in Boots: Senor?



Donkey: Hey, what's going on? Where are you going?




Queen Lillian: You wouldn't have had anything to do with this...would you, Harold?









Doris: There you go, boys.

Puss in Boots: Just leave the bottle, Doris.

Doris: Hey. Why the long face?

Shrek: It was all just a stupid mistake. I never should have rescued her from that
tower in the first place.



Puss in Boots: I hate Mondays.

Donkey: I can't believe you'd walk away from the best thing that ever happened to
you.

Shrek: What choice do I have? She loves that pretty boy, Prince Charming.

Donkey: Aww, come on. Is he really that good-looking?

Doris: Are you kidding? He's gorgeous! He has a face that looks like it was carved
by angels.

Puss in Boots: Oh. He sounds dreamy.

Shrek: You know, shockingly, this isn't making me feel any better. Look, guys. It's
for the best. Mom and Dad approve, and Fiona gets the man she's always dreamed of.
Everybody wins.



Donkey: Except for you. I don't get it, Shrek. You love Fiona.

Shrek: Aye. And that's why I have to let her go.

King Harold: Umm...excuse me, is she here?



Doris: She's, uh' in the back.



King Harold: Oh, hello again. Heh...






King Harold: Fairy Godmother. Charming.

Fairy Godmother: Ugh, you'd better have a good reason for dragging us down here,
Harold.

King Harold: Well, I'm afraid Fiona isn't really'warming up to Prince Charming.

Prince Charming: Umm, F-Y-I, not my fault.

Fairy Godmother: Oh, no, no, of course it's not, dear.

Prince Charming: I mean, how charming can I be when I have to pretend I'm that
dreadful ogre?

King Harold: No, no, it's nobody's fault. Perhaps it's best if we just call the

whole thing off, okay?

Fairy Godmother & Prince Charming: What?!

King Harold: I mean you can't force someone to fall in love!

Fairy Godmother: Oh, I beg to differ. I do it all the time.



Fairy Godmother: Have Fiona drink this and she'll fall in love with the first man
she kisses, which will be Charming.

King Harold: Umm' no.

Fairy Godmother: What did you say?

King Harold: I...I...I can't. I...I won't do it.

Fairy Godmother: Oh, yes, you will. If you remember, I helped you with your happily
ever after. And I can take it away just as easily.



Fairy Godmother: Is that what you want? Is it?

King Harold: No.

Fairy Godmother: Good boy. Now, we have to go. I need to do Charming's hair before
the ball. He's hopeless. You know he's all high in the front, he can never get to
the back. You always need someone to do the back of your hair.

Prince Charming: Oh! Thank you, Mother.

Donkey: Mother?!



Shrek: Um' Mary! A talking horse!

Fairy Godmother: The ogre!




Fairy Godmother: Stop them! Thieves! Bandits! Stop them!






Announcer: Well, the abs are fab and it's gluteus to the maximus here at tonight's
Far, Far Away Royal Ball Blowout! The coaches are lined up as the cream of the crop
pours out of them like Miss Muffet's curds and whey!




Joan: Everyone who's anyone has turned out to honor Princess Fiona and Prince Shrek
and, oh my, the outfits look gorgeous! Look! Hansel and Gretel!



Joan: What the heck are the crumbs for? And right behind them, Tom Thumb and
Thumbelina! Oh, aren't they adorable!



Joan: Here comes Sleeping Beauty!



Joan: Oh, tired old thing...who's this? Who's this?! Who is this?



Joan: Oh. It's the one, it's the only'it's the Fairy Godmother!



Fairy Godmother: Hello, Far Far Away! Can I get a "whoop-whoop"?



Fairy Godmother: May all your endings be happy and'well, you know the rest!




Magic Mirror: We'll be right back with the Royal Far Far Away Ball after these
messages.

Gingy: I hate these ball shows! They bore me to tears. Flip over to Wheel Of
Torture.

Pinocchio: I'm not flipping anywhere, sir, until I see Shrek and Fiona.

Gingy: Whizzes on you guys! Hey, mice, pass me a buffalo wing.



Gingy: No no, to your left. Your left!



Magic Mirror: Tonight on "K.N.I.G.H.T.S."'

Gingy: Ah! Now here's a good show!



Knight: We got a white bronco heading east into the forest. Requesting backup.

Narrator: It's time for the men in steel to teach these madcap mammals their "devil
may mare" attitudes just won't fly!



Shrek: Alright, alright! Let me go!



Donkey: Let me go!! Why are you grabbing me?! OW!! Police brutality!!! POLICE
BRUTALITY!!!!!

Knight: Come on!

Shrek: I have to talk to Princess Fiona!

Knight: We warned you!



Shrek: Ow! Ow!

Narrator: Will they get away with it? Or did someone let the cat out of the bag?

Puss in Boots: You capitalist pig dogs!



Knight: Catnip!

Puss in Boots: That's, uh, not mine.



Shrek: Hold on! Alright! Find Princess Fiona!

Donkey: I'm a donkey!



Shrek: Tell her, Shrek--I'm her husband, Shrek! Ow!



Narrator: K.N.I.G.H.T.S.!

Gingy: Quick! Rewind it!



Shrek: Shrek--I'm her husband, Shrek! Ow!






King Harold: Darling? Ah. I thought I might find you here. How about a nice hot cup
of tea before the ball?

Fiona: (sighs) I'm not going.

King Harold: But, but, but the...the whole kingdom's turned out to celebrate your
marriage.

Fiona: There's just one problem. That's not my husband. I mean, look at him.



King Harold: Yes, he is a bit...different, but people change for the ones they
love. You'd be surprised how much I changed for your mother.



Fiona: Change? He's completely lost his mind!

King Harold: Darling, why not come down to the ball and give him another chance? I
mean, you might find you like this new Shrek.

Fiona: But it's the old one I fell in love with, Dad. I'd give anything to have him
back.



King Harold: Uh, darling. That's mine. Decaf. O-otherwise I'm up all night.



Fiona: Thanks.






Donkey: I gotta get out of here! You can't lock us up like this! Let me go! Hey,
what about my Miranda Rights? You're supposed to say, I have the right to remain
silent! Nobody said I have the right to remain silent!

Shrek: Donkey, you have the right to remain silent! What you lack is the capacity!

Puss in Boots: I must hold on before I, too, go totally mad.

Pinocchio: Shrek? Donkey?



Puss in Boots: Too late.

Shrek: Gingy! Pinocchio! Get us out of here!



Blind Mouse: Oh'



Little Pig: Fire in ze hole!



Gingy: Look out below!

Shrek: Quick! Tell a lie!

Pinocchio: What should I say?

Gingy: Anything, but quick!

Donkey: Say something crazy like "I'm wearing ladies' underwear!"

Pinocchio: I'm...I am wearing ladies' underwear.



Shrek: Heh...are you?

Pinocchio: I most certainly am not!



Donkey: It looks like you most certainly am are!

Pinocchio: I am not!



Puss in Boots: What kind?

Gingy: It's a thong!



Pinocchio: Ow! They're briefs!



Gingy: Are not!

Pinocchio: Are too!

Gingy: Are not!

Pinocchio: Are too!



Gingy: Here we go. Hang tight!

Donkey: Wait, wait, wait! Ow! Ow! Hey, hey, hey! Ow!



Blind Mouse: Excuse me?

Shrek: What? Puss!



Blind Mouse: Pardon me, would you mind letting me go?



Puss in Boots: Sorry, boss.

Shrek: Quit messing around! We've got to stop that kiss!

Donkey: I thought you was going to let her go.

Shrek: I was, but I can't let them do this to Fiona!

Donkey: Boom! That's what I like to hear. Look who's finally coming around!

Puss in Boots: But it's impossible! We'll never get in. The castle is guarded and
there is a moat and everything!

Gingy: Well, folks, it looks like we're up chocolate creek without a popsicle
stick.



Gingy: What?

Shrek: Do you still know the Muffin Man?

Gingy: Well, sure! He's down on Drury Lane. Why?

Shrek: Because we're gonna need flour. Lots and lots of flour.




Muffin Man: Gingy!

Gingy: Fire up the ovens, Muffin Man! We've got a big order to fill!



Gingy: It's alive!

CITY OF FAR FAR AWAY. NIGHT.



Donkey: Run, run, run, as fast you can!



Gingy: Go, baby, go!

Shrek: There it is, Mongo! To the castle!



Shrek: No, no, no, no, you great stupid pastry! Come on!



Donkey: Mongo! Down here! Look at the pony!



Donkey: That's right! Follow the pretty pony! Pretty pony wants to play at the
castle!

Mongo: Oooh, pretty pony.




Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen! Presenting Princess Fiona and her new husband,
Prince Shrek!



Fiona: Shrek, what are you doing?

Prince Charming: I'm just playing the part, Fiona.

Fiona: Is that glitter on your lips?

Prince Charming: Mmm, cherry flavored. Want a taste?

Fiona: Ugh! What is with you?



Prince Charming: But, Muffin Cake'



Fairy Godmother: C minor, put it in C minor.



Fairy Godmother: Ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to dedicate this song to'Princess
Fiona and Prince Shrek.



Prince Charming: Fiona, my Princess. Will you honor me with a dance?



Fairy Godmother: ??Where have all the good men gone / And where are all the gods???



Fiona: Since when do you dance?

Prince Charming: Fiona, my dearest, if there's one thing I know, it's that love is
full of surprises.

Fairy Godmother: ??Late at night I toss and I turn / And I dream of what I need??
Hit it!






Shrek: All right, big fella! Let's crash this party!

Captain: Man the catapults! Ready! Fire!



Shrek: Brace yourselves!

Mongo: Ooh! Purty!



Gingy: Not the gumdrop button!



Guard: Incoming!

Donkey: Ha-ha! All right!







Shrek: Go, Mongo! Go!

Captain: Man the cauldrons!



Shrek: After you, Mongo.



Shrek: That's it! Heave-ho!



Shrek: Watch out!

Donkey: Shrek!



Guard: More heat, less foam!







Shrek: Heave! Ho!



Gingy: Nooo!









Shrek:  Come on!



Mongo: Be...good.



Gingy: He needs me! Let me go!



Shrek: Donkey!



Shrek: Puss!

Puss in Boots: Go! Go! Your lady needs you! Go!

Shrek and Donkey race off as Puss in Boots turns to face the guards. He takes off
his hat and sheathes his sword

Puss in Boots: Today, I repay my debt.



Guards: Aww'

Puss in Boots:  En garde!






Shrek: Stop!



Shrek: Hey, you! Back away from my wife!

Fiona: Shrek?



Fairy Godmother: You couldn't just go back to your swamp and leave well enough
alone.

Shrek: Now!



Three Little Pigs: Pigs und blanket!



Shrek: Pinocchio! Get the wand!

Pig #1: I see London! I see France!

Pinocchio: Waaaahhh!



Pinocchio: I'm a real boy!



Pig #2: Catch!



Gingy: Donkey!



Pinocchio: I'm a real boy. Ah!--



Pinocchio: Oh...



Fairy Godmother: That's mine! That's mine!



Donkey: Pray for mercy, from Puss...

Puss in Boots: And Donkey!

Fairy Godmother: She's taken the potion! Kiss her now!



Shrek: No!



Fiona: Hi-ya!



Shrek: Fiona.

Fiona: Shrek.

Fairy Godmother: Harold! You were supposed to give her the potion!

King Harold: Well...I guess I gave her the wrong tea.



Prince Charming: Mummy!

Fiona: Mummy?

Fairy Godmother: (growls) I told you!...



Fairy Godmother: Ogres don't live happily. Ever. AFTER!!!!!!!!!



Queen Lillian: Harold!

Fiona: Shrek!

King Harold: (screaming) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



Fairy Godmother: Woo....ha!--



Fiona:  Oh, Dad!



Pinocchio: Is he'?

Gingy: Yup.



Gingy: He croaked.



Queen Lillian: Harold?

Fiona: Dad?

King Harold: I'd hoped you'd never see me like this.

Donkey: Hey! And he gave you a hard time!

Shrek: Donkey!

King Harold: No, no, he's right. I'm sorry. To both of you. I only wanted what was
best for Fiona. But I can see now' she already has it. Shrek, Fiona'will you accept
an old frog's apologies' and my blessing?

Queen Lillian: Harold?

King Harold: I'm sorry, Lillian. I just wish I could be the man you deserve.



Queen Lillian: You're more that man today than you ever were' warts and all.



Puss in Boots: Boss! The Happily Ever After Potion!

Shrek: Midnight! Fiona, is this what you want? To be this way forever?

Fiona: What?

Shrek: Because if you kiss me now, we can stay like this.

Fiona: You'd do that? For me?

Shrek: Yes.



Fiona: ...with the ogre I married.

Puss in Boots: Whatever happens, I must not cry! You cannot make me cry!





Donkey: No. No, no. Aaah! Ow. Oh, no.



Shrek:  Hey. You still look like a noble steed to me.

Fiona:  Now, where were we?

Shrek: Oh. I remember.



Puss in Boots: Hey! Isn't we supposed to be having a fiesta?



Donkey: Uno, dos, quatro, hit it! Puss and Donkey, y'all'



Donkey: ??She's into superstitions / Black cats and voodoo dolls??...sing it, Puss!

Puss in Boots: ??I feel a premonition / That girl's gonna make me fall??

Donkey: Here we go!



Puss in Boots: ??She's into new sensations / New kicks in the candlelight??

Donkey & Puss in Boots: ??She's got a new addiction / For every day and night /
She'll make you take your clothes off / And go dancing in the rain / She'll make
you live her crazy life / But she'll take away your pain / Like a bullet to your
brain / Upside inside out / Living la vida loca??



Doris: Hey, gorgeous!



Mongo: Living la vida loca

Donkey & Puss in Boots: ??Her lips are devil red / And her skin's the color of
mocha / She will wear you out / Living la vida loca??

Donkey: Oh, she livin' it loca!

Puss in Boots: Living la vida loca

Donkey: Say it one more time now!

Donkey & Puss in Boots: Living la vida loca

Puss in Boots: Hey, Donkey, that's Spanish!

Donkey & Puss in Boots: ??She'll push and pull you down / Living la vida loca / She
will wear you out / Living la vida loca / Living la vida loca / She'll push and
pull you down / Living la vida loca / Her lips are devil red / And her skin's the
color of mocha / She will wear you out / Living la vida loca / Living la vida
loca / Living la vida loca / Living la vida loca??



Donkey: ??All by myself / Don't wanna be / All by myself anymore'??



Puss in Boots: Amigo, we are off to the Kit-Kat Club. Come on, join us.

Donkey: Thanks, compadre. I'm' I'm not in the mood.

Puss in Boots: We will cheer you up! Find you a nice....uh, burro!



Donkey: Hey, baby! Woo! Hey, that's my girl! Yeah! All right!



Donkey: Baby, where you been?

Dragon: 

Donkey: I'm sorry, too. I should've stayed. But Shrek had this thing he had to do
and uh--

Dragon: 

Donkey: What? Say it one more time. What you talking about? Are you serious?!



Dronkey: Da-da!



Donkey: Look at our little mutant babies! I got to get a job.